start: add meta description, 'machine learning' term (index) [SEO] (#1864)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/start/index.md

---
description: 'A step-by-step introduction: Learn how to use DVC to organize,
version, and efficiently reproduce your data science or machine learning

> project.'

Reviewer: Not bad but sounds a lot like the desc of the Versioning tutorial. Should we try to make them clearly different? The GS is basically a primer on all of DVC's feature layers (there's 3-4) and the Versioning tutorial is about that one layer specifically (so, closer to the Data Versioning page of the Get Started, but deeper and with a real repo example).

Reviewer: In fact notice how the current autogenerated desc Google shows comes from the first bullet in the doc, which refers to Data Versioning only. Let's try to include all 4 bullets in the SEO desc. please, unless you have a better idea.

Author: OK, good idea. Reworked this to include all 4 bullets.

> learning projects: version data, manage data access, build data pipelines, and
> capture experiments.'

Reviewer: Slight edit:
```suggestion
learning projects: version data, access it anywhere, capture data pipelines, and
manage experiments.'
```

- [**Data access**](/doc/start/data-access) shows how to use data artifacts from
  outside of the project and how to import data artifacts from another DVC
  project. This can help to download a specific version of a machine learning

>   model to a deployment server or import a model to another project.

Reviewer: Why don't we change this in the previous bullet instead, which is the first instance of "ML"?

Author: OK, moved full term to previous bullet and reverted this.

Reviewer: Thanks
